README.md, before:

# Real Radio

> A radio plugin for Schedule I using BepInEx

**Note: Requires alternate branch on Steam.**

Currently in development.

## Existing features
- Play remote audio streams (from urls). Supports all file formats that Media Foundation supports.
- Youtube and [thousands of other sites](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) are also supported using [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/) with playback synced between all players. No manual setup is required for yt-dlp to work. All required files are downloaded automatically.
- A remote stream can be played through multiple AudioSources in Unity (using AudioStreamHost and AudioStreamClient, managed through the AudioStreamManager singleton)
- Placeable radio object that you can put in your properties. This uses custom placement logic which allows placing the radio object on almost any surface. Persistance (saving/loading) for these are not implemented yet. Multiplayer functionality is fully working.
- A generic radial menu singleton, currently used in vehicles (radio station selection) and placeable radio objects
- All game objects with a LandVehicle component have an associated VehicleRadioProxy networked object which controls playing audio from the vehicle. Players can change radio station by holding the reload button and selecting a station in the radial menu. Audio effects are changed depending on if the player is inside the vehicle or not. When inside the vehicle the audio is not spatialized and has no audio filters. When the player is not in the vehicle the audio is spatialized and a low pass filter is applied to simulate the audio being muffled from inside the car.
- Residential buildings where NPCs live have a chance (50% atm) to play music when the building has NPCs inside. The time when music starts and stops in a day is randomized at the end of each day. This logic only runs on the server but the playing radio station is synced to all clients
- Radio stations played by NPCs are randomized. Radio stations can be excluded from being played by NPCs
- A json file based api to add custom radio stations.

### Example of custom radio station:
```json5
{
  "id": "gtasa-radiox",
  "name": "Radio X",
  "type": "YtDlp", // YtDlp or InternetRadio

  // 'urls' is used for YtDlp type
  // otherwise 'url' should be used if type is InternetRadio.
  "urls": [
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xczq2sbRoHg",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqLAvhBwoQg",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkZFkL8D4qM",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wrzPb-d6tY",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rDb12j6kGs",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yLg4_1iqfo",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig0z_nspfRo",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBmv2NYbYCA",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OGUCeHcNNY",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuJwtB1HrCw",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wte5IiOXpYk",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTdyyt42U0Q",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7MDxta8srw",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG8UCbG0WIA",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noQrdNaL6Mo"
  ]
}
```

If there's a png file with the same name as the json file it will be used at the station's icon. [There are more fields that can be found here](https://github.com/Skippeh/Schedule1RealRadioMod/blob/main/RealRadio/Components/API/Data/RadioStation.cs).

Radio stations go into the following folder: `Schedule I\RealRadio\Stations\`. Subfolders within this folder can also be used.

## General project goals
- Immersion is important, but if something feels better even if it's less realistic that should be preferred
- Generally speaking the mod should be highly polished to the best of your ability, as if it was part of the base game.
- Custom assets should fit the art style of the base game

Commit message:

Added current song info to features

README.md, after:

# Real Radio

> A radio plugin for Schedule I using BepInEx

**Note: Requires alternate branch on Steam.**

Currently in development.

## Existing features
- Play remote audio streams (from urls). Supports all file formats that Media Foundation supports.
- Youtube and [thousands of other sites](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/blob/master/supportedsites.md) are also supported using [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/) with playback synced between all players. No manual setup is required for yt-dlp to work. All required files are downloaded automatically.
- A remote stream can be played through multiple AudioSources in Unity (using AudioStreamHost and AudioStreamClient, managed through the AudioStreamManager singleton)
- Placeable radio object that you can put in your properties. This uses custom placement logic which allows placing the radio object on almost any surface. Persistance (saving/loading) for these are not implemented yet. Multiplayer functionality is fully working.
- A generic radial menu singleton, currently used in vehicles (radio station selection) and placeable radio objects
- All game objects with a LandVehicle component have an associated VehicleRadioProxy networked object which controls playing audio from the vehicle. Players can change radio station by holding the reload button and selecting a station in the radial menu. Audio effects are changed depending on if the player is inside the vehicle or not. When inside the vehicle the audio is not spatialized and has no audio filters. When the player is not in the vehicle the audio is spatialized and a low pass filter is applied to simulate the audio being muffled from inside the car.
- Residential buildings where NPCs live have a chance (50% atm) to play music when the building has NPCs inside. The time when music starts and stops in a day is randomized at the end of each day. This logic only runs on the server but the playing radio station is synced to all clients
- Radio stations played by NPCs are randomized. Radio stations can be excluded from being played by NPCs
- A json file based api to add custom radio stations. [see example below](#example-of-custom-radio-station)
- Fetches currently playing song and displays it in various places (only shown when selecting radio station in vehicles at the moment). Supports all radio stations types including (a limited amount of) internet radio stations out of the box. Can be extended to support more internet stations with a custom mod (no documentation on this yet).

### Example of custom radio station
```json5
{
  "id": "gtasa-radiox",
  "name": "Radio X",
  "type": "YtDlp", // YtDlp or InternetRadio

  // 'urls' is used for YtDlp type
  // otherwise 'url' should be used if type is InternetRadio.
  "urls": [
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xczq2sbRoHg",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqLAvhBwoQg",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkZFkL8D4qM",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wrzPb-d6tY",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rDb12j6kGs",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yLg4_1iqfo",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig0z_nspfRo",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBmv2NYbYCA",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OGUCeHcNNY",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuJwtB1HrCw",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wte5IiOXpYk",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTdyyt42U0Q",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7MDxta8srw",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG8UCbG0WIA",
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noQrdNaL6Mo"
  ]
}
```

If there's a png file with the same name as the json file it will be used at the station's icon. [There are more fields that can be found here](https://github.com/Skippeh/Schedule1RealRadioMod/blob/main/RealRadio/Components/API/Data/RadioStation.cs).

Radio stations go into the following folder: `Schedule I\RealRadio\Stations\`. Subfolders within this folder can also be used.

## General project goals
- Immersion is important, but if something feels better even if it's less realistic that should be preferred
- Generally speaking the mod should be highly polished to the best of your ability, as if it was part of the base game.
- Custom assets should fit the art style of the base game
